okay today I'm gonna be showing you how
to make grips for your dirt bike grips
are basically don't really know what
they are you put them god this is
probably dark you put them like right
there on your dirt bike and it like
grips the side of your hand to the
throttle or whatever so how you make
them you just take a bike BMX bike they
automatically have grips right here you
can see them just cut those off with a
knife or some scissors like I did then
you're going to want to place them on
the side of a dirt bike you should think
really good
and I'll hold on put the camera down for
a second
just too hard to do
alright
there it is
grips right there
put the other one and what's all be
doing right now
so those are the motocross dirtbikes
grips right there and then all you want
to do take some superglue i'm using
python superglue oh my goods just gonna
want to put it around the grip or just
put it like inside the grip I'm just
gonna put mine like right inside of
there and then the group will stay there
so I thanks for watching I'll see you
guys next time and also if this video is
too dark or whatever then I will redo it
so thanks for watching out seeing